that tle has to
include a community control over the
kind of services that are provided we
cannot struggle to demand social
services and allow that the state
decides what kind of Social Services
they're going to ask how they're
organizing the care child care for the
children the Elder Care Etc ET so to me
there's a whole terrain of struggle
there related to the Social Services
which has to do with what services we
want how do we establish forms of
control how do we have a community
control and not allow the state to
singlehandedly decide you know what
we're going to uh use or not but that is
fundamental because we know uh and the
problem is growing and not diminishing
that millions of women are prisoners of
lives impossible lives